(Yuma)
Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
No way!
It can't be true!
Quattro and Bronk and the others
are gone?
Unless we finish the Barians
once and for all,
Quattro and the others
fought for nothing.
Instead of fighting
the seven Barian Emperors,
let us eliminate the source
and defeat Don Thousand instead.
Then, let's go to Barian World
and beat him!
Come on, Orbital.
I've got more important
things to do
than run around with you.
But, Kite, what could be
more important than this?
Kite!
Trey, I'm sorry we had to
leave Yuma the way we did.
There was no other way,
Quinton.
We knew the Barians
were minutes away.
And if Yuma knew about that,
he would have insisted
on battling them.
But this way,
he'll carry out his mission
to take on Don Thousand instead.
He and Astral are the only ones
who can end the battle.
We'll be the decoys
and draw the Barians to us
instead.
You two pests
know where Yuma and Kite are,
and I want to know right now.
(Quinton) Not a chance, Mizar.
We'll never tell you anything!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So, don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone,
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
I will crush the both of you...
with my Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
(dragon roars)
Kite likes to battle
with a Galaxy-Eyes Dragon, too.
That's bad news for you.
And why is that?
Because I taught Kite everything
he knows about Galaxy-Eyes.
Ah.
So, Mizar, you've messed
with the wrong duelist!
I doubt it.
And I will prove that
by taking you both on together!
Your ego is about to experience
a rude awakening.
You picked the wrong family
to mess with, Mizar!
Enough talk.
Let us have some fun!
Go, Barian Battle Morph!
All right.
Ready, Trey?
Yeah, totally!
Duel Disk set.
Aha!
Let's duel.
(Girag) What?
You want to get Nash
back to Barian World?
That's right.
Our fearless leader
needs to rule, not duel.
You sure about that?
Just do it.
Alito, keep searching for Yuma.
Hey!
Who made you boss, Vector?
What makes you think
Girag and I
should have to follow
your orders?
You owe me.
Remember when you lost
to the humans?
I was the one
who woke you up from your nap.
Hey!
I don't like your attitude!
Is that so?
Well, maybe
you'll like it better
after a friend of mine
has a word with you.
Say hello to Don Thousand!
D-D-Did you say
D-D-Don Thousand?
(laughing evilly)
(whimpers) (whimpers)
It's... really... him!
You are right
to quiver with dread!
My untold power
can annihilate you
in the bat of an eye.
You're insane, Vector!
You never should've brought
Don Thousand back!
He'll destroy everything,
including us!
(groaning)
This makes things a lot simpler
for everybody!
You'll do exactly
what I tell you to.
(laughs)
(Kari)
Let me get this straight.
Yuma went to a place
called Barian World
to save the galaxy?
That's right.
But he said he'll be back
for breakfast!
I hope he can keep his word.
(whimpers)
Yuma.
That little dweeb!
(Haru)
Kari... where are you going?
I can't sit by
while that little squirt
gets into big trouble!
Now, Kari, wait.
Yuma asked us
not to worry about him.
But how often
is Yuma ever right?
This sounds really dangerous.
I mean, Grandma,
what if he never comes home?
Yuma is coming home!
(gasps)
He said he would,
and I believe him!
We just have to.
(sobbing)
Let Yuma be, Kari.
You can't protect him forever.
He'll be fine, I promise.
Now, then, he said he'd be back
for breakfast,
so I still have time
to make his favorite dish...
(thinking) Be careful, Yuma.
It's delicious
and almost nutritious!
♪♪
(Astral)
Yuma, are you worried
about Quinton and Trey?
Astral, I understand
why they want to get revenge
for what happened to Quattro,
but can't they understand
that dueling's
for making friends,
not for hurting your enemies?
You have your own ideas
about dueling
which do not coincide
with theirs.
They believe
their ideas are right
and have chosen to pursue
their own course of action.
So, if they're doing
what they think is right,
you should go ahead and do
whatever you think is right.
That's what you've
always done, Yuma.
Why stop now?
(gasps)
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
At least, I hope we are making
the right decision.
I will allow you to face me
two-on-one,
but you will have to share
your life points.
All right,
but we get to begin the duel.
I'll go first.
Okay.
Then, let's get this started,
Mizar!
To begin, I'll use my Deep-Space
Cruiser IX's special ability.
I can summon this card
by sending one Machine-Type
monster that's in my hand
to the graveyard.
And I can do just that
right now
because I have another
Deep-Space Cruiser IX.
And now I use Monster Reborn!
It restores
my other Deep-Space Cruiser IX
so it can join the battle.
I overlay
my two Deep-Space Cruiser IXs.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon.
Appear, Number 9, Dyson Sphere.
It is colossal!
I see it,
but I can't believe it!
Oh, I believe it.
I just hope I never
have to face it.
I activate the card
Spell Summon Stopper!
This puts a stop
to you using a spell
to bring out a monster
next turn.
I studied the duel data
I got from my brother Quattro
when he dueled Shark.
I learned
that using Rank-Up-Magic
to summon a Chaos Xyz Monster
is the key
to your Barian strategy,
so I'll prevent you
from using it.
We shall see
if your strategy was correct.
Yes, we shall.
For now, I place two cards
facedown
and end my turn.
Huh?
Quinton, look!
Came to watch
this Barian beatdown?
Soon the stage will be set.
Dumon, Marin,
you two are not needed.
You go after Yuma and Kite.
All right.
Ready, Quinton?
Leaving so soon?
You just got here.
Why don't you all
stay for a while?
It seems we don't have
much choice.
Well, well, looks like someone
built a better mousetrap.
The perfect way
to catch rats like them!
I think I'll stick around.
Wouldn't want
to miss them suffer.
Dumon, Marin, leave this to me!
Quinton, I should thank you.
By trapping us all here,
you have given me
a captive audience.
Now the others can relish
watching me beat you.
I promise to give them
quite a show,
though I imagine
you will be in too much distress
to enjoy it!
To start things off,
I play Schwarzschild Limit
Dragon!
I can summon
this dreaded dragon
since your Dyson Sphere
has more than 2,000
attack points.
Next, I activate
the spell Ergosphere!
Soon you will be seeing double
because I can add another
Schwarzschild Limit Dragon
from my deck to my hand.
It will be déjàà vu
for you two fools
because I get to summon it
just like before.
Now, then, where was I?
Oh, yes, about to destroy you!
I overlay
two Level 8 Schwarzschilds!
That lets me build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Come forth, Number 107!
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(dragon roaring)
I thought this'd be tough.
Now I know it.
Looks like Mizar
has his hands full.
(Girag)
Nash, we got big trouble.
What's wrong?
Yuma and his friends are gone!
Gone where?
I don't know how,
but they're headed
for Barian World.
For Barian World?
(growls) Yuma.
Girag, we're returning
to Barian World.
Hurry.
There ain't much time.
Galaxy-Eyes,
attack Dyson Sphere
with Tachyon Spiral
of Destruction!
I can't let that hit me.
I activate Dyson Sphere's
special ability.
When Dyson Sphere
has Overlay Units,
it stops your monster's attack.
For now.
I activate Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
it negates your Dyson Sphere's
special abilities.
(dragon roaring)
Tachyon Transmigration!
Hmm.
And there's more.
Since Dyson Sphere tried to use
its special ability,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
gains 1,000 attack points.
Traverse time and space.
Now arise anew,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(dragon roaring)
It may have more attack points,
but at least the battle's over.
(laughs)
That is what you think.
Tachyon Transmigration
also lets Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon attack again.
Again?
(whimpers)
And this time
you cannot use
Dyson Sphere's special ability
to stop the attack.
Do it again,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
Attack Dyson Sphere
with Tachyon Spiral
of Destruction!
(both screaming)
(both groan)
My Galaxy-Eyes
is more than enough monster
for you two amateurs.
Had enough?
Of course you have.
But there is more on the way!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
And lucky for you,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon's
attack points
go back down to 3,000.
(Orbital) Master Kite!
Quinton's Dyson Sphere,
it was destroyed!
Quinton and Trey
must be in t-trouble!
I'm not worried.
Those two
can take care of themselves
and hopefully the Barians, too.
Right now my focus
is on what I need to do.
And that's
accomplish my mission!
(Orbital) Roger!
Your Tachyon's power
is very... annoying,
but I'll take care of that.
(laughs) Oh, really?
Really.
And trust me,
you'll never see it coming.
Allow me!
(grunts)
I'll get things going
by summoning
Chronomaly Gordian Knot!
Chronomaly Gordian Knot
lets me summon
another Chronomaly monster
without any
of its special abilities.
So, say hello
to Chronomaly Sol Monolith!
Then Chronomaly Gordian Knot's
Level
becomes the same
as Chronomaly Sol Monolith's,
making it Level 6.
I overlay Level 6 Gordian Knot
and Sol Monolith.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon.
Come out, Number 6...
Chronomaly Atlandis!
This will not save you.
(Trey)
Now that I've got my rock-solid
Chronomaly Atlandis out,
it can equip a Number
in the graveyard
and gain its attack points.
And Dyson Sphere just happens
to be in the graveyard.
That means Atlandis
is about to get a power-up!
I'm not going
to let that happen.
I activate
the trap Tachyon Flare Wing!
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
equips it
to negate your Atlandis' special
abilities!
So, Atlandis cannot gain
attack points!
Atlandis cannot defeat
Tachyon Dragon now!
Are you sure?
Think again.
You played right into our hands,
Mizar.
Your hands?
That's right!
Let's show him
what we mean, Trey!
Ha!
It would be my pleasure!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force!
(groaning)
(grunting)
I overlay Rank 6 Atlandis!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network.
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
(grunting)
Appear, Chaos Number 6,
Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis!
Impossible!
How could these humans
have this power?
Go, Chaos Atlandis!
Attack Tachyon Dragon!
Chaos Punishment!
In your dreams, little boy!
I activate Tachyon
Flare Wing's effect!
By sending it to the graveyard,
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon
is not destroyed.
(groans)
(laughs)
You can do anything you wish,
but it does not matter.
You will never destroy
my Galaxy-Eyes.
Hmm.
Huh?
Wrong again, Mizar.
What?
Try to keep up!
Since Tachyon Flare Wing
was destroyed,
I can use Chronomaly Chaos
Atlandis' special abilities!
That means
Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis
can equip the monster
it battled!
Huh?
This cannot be!
Do it, Chaos Atlandis!
Take his Tachyon Dragon!
(roaring)
Galaxy-Eyes!
Chaos Atlandis also gets
1,000 extra attack points
for every card it equips.
You little thief!
He stole Tachyon Dragon!
You're right.
All their moves were planned
to rob Mizar
of his Galaxy-Eyes.
(growls)
You have made a fool of me
with your insolent tricks!
I have never, never been
humiliated like this!
It was a lot easier
than we thought it'd be.
So, now I place
two cards facedown
and end my turn.
But it is I
who will end the duel!
You see, mocking me has ensured
the very worst
is yet to come your way.
Chaos Draw!
I chose the very card
I wanted...
Rank-Up-Magic The Seventh One!
I can use it to summon
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(gasps) Oh, no!
No.
No!
Afraid so, Mizar.
From our data on Shark,
I know you can use
The Seventh One
to rank up your Number
into a Chaos Number
as long as it's
in your graveyard.
But it's not in your graveyard,
is it?
It belongs to us now.
And do you know why?
It's simple.
Because we stole it
so you couldn't use
your rank-up magic card.
Your goal
from the very beginning
was to prevent me from summoning
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon.
(Vector) Mercy, mercy me!
Poor Mizar.
You just got schooled, fool!
(growling)
You may think
you have angered me,
but all I feel is pity...
pity for you...
because your last move
has assured that you two cretins
will suffer an agonizing defeat
at my hands!
♪♪